Feature/add reload to data source (#1440)
plentymarkets/terra-components: CHANGELOG.md

# 6.0.0-alpha.4 (Unreleased)

### Breaking Changes

> -   **terra-table-data-source** terra-table-data-source now supports a reload method. The reload method loads the data with current filter and pager. The search now loads the first page of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **table** `TerraTableDataSource` now supports a `reload` method. The `reload` method loads the data with current filter and pager. The `search` method now loads the first page of the data.
```
